Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
The Earthers
came to Kepler
in search
of a special plant
that contained
a powerful energy.
but the Earthers were greedy
and overharvested it.
leaving Kepler
a deserted wasteland.
But there was
one human who felt guilty.
He hid the last seed
from the mother tree
in a secret place.
No one
has seen him since
and without him
to pilot the ship.
the remaining crew
did not make it back to Earth.
Hurry up.
You. search over there.
Search everywhere!
Luis Baba commands it.
Dig 13 feet down
if you have to.
-Yes. sir.
- Luis Baba?
Axel. where are we going?
To find Kar-Lalo.
Can you figure out
where it is?
No. but I will find it.
Axel. stop!
Darn.
How did he find us?
Why is Papa Qi
after us?
Come back with me!
There is no Kunta.
There is no Kar-Lalo.
You're wrong!
It's written in the book.
Crazy kid.
Misleading Jono like that.
See ya!
What was that?
Axel. I'll tell you
one more time.
Don't believe anything
in this silly book.
It's all just nonsense.
There's no Kunta.
there's no Luis Baba.
Just stop dreaming.
I mean it!
You too. Jono.
Hey. give it!
You're not my dad.
You.
Go ahead and find
your stupid Kar-Lalo.
- Go on then!
- Papa. stop!
Stop!
Axel! Papa!
- Gaga.
- You can't believe that.
You were a colonel
in the Kepler army.
but now you're just
a-- a giant coward!
Silence!
Gaga.
I don't want
to be like you.
Nothing but a coward!
Oh.
Putron.
I'm so sorry
for all this.
It's always been
my wish
that Gaga would grow up
brave and strong.
but as she's grown.
I've become very worried
and afraid of so much.
She says
that I'm a coward.
I guess she's right.
You know what
I'm most scared of?
Her growing up to be too brave.
Ah.
Oh!
But I don't blame them.
They're just too young
to know how dangerous
true bravery can be.
It's time to let them
go explore the world.
Please take
good care of them. Putron.
Axel!
- Axel. so you've decided?
- Of course!
That's great!
Come on. let's go.
Wait up.
What are you doing?
Finding Kar-Lalo?
Uh. you're kidding. right?
Stay here with Papa Qi.
Leave the Kar-Lalo search
to Axel.
Papa wants
to keep me safe.
But still.
I'm no longer a kid.
I must show him that.
Stay where you're safe.
If you don't want me.
fine. I'll just
go on my own.
All right. fine.
Come if you want.
Wake up. Jono!
Aren't we gonna
test out my car?
Hey. Gaga. check it out.
Isn't my piggy car awesome?
It's got four wheels
and everything. look!
Let's go!
Gaga. come up.
Hey. what are you waiting for?
Come on.
Regret coming already?
Putron. let's ride!
Papa. I'll be back.
Hurry.
They may think
I'm just a coward.
but they never saw what
I could do when I was young.
Let's go.
Follow them.
I thought this was
a test drive.
- Where are we going?
-.
♪ Look up to the soft sky ♪
♪ Reflected
in your twinkling eye ♪
♪ Just let
your imagination spark ♪
Find inspiration in the dark ♪
♪ Remember
nothing's impossible ♪
♪ Little guy
you could be brave ♪
♪ Just take a chance
and change your fate ♪
♪ Chase your dreams
and let your passion flow ♪
♪ Don't just sit
and watch the show ♪
♪ Remember
nothing's impossible ♪
The forest was once one seed ♪
♪ A little bit of courage
is all you need ♪
♪ You'll be shining brighter ♪
♪ Than every star in the sky ♪
♪ Look at you.
oh. it's true ♪
The ocean was once one drop ♪
♪ Just hop
into your dream. kid ♪
♪ And never stop ♪
♪ Everything is possible ♪
♪ So spread your wings out
and fly ♪
You've got the seed?
Oh. so
this is Luis Baba's Kar-Lalo
seed that never sprouts.
Let me take care of it.
Even an unsprouted Kar-Lalo seed
can yield
a great deal of super energy
and with more super energy.
I can activate
my vector engines.
Beginning energy test.
Go find enough Kar-Lalo
to fill all my energy rods.
My Kar-Lalo seed was stolen.
These shameless enemies
are everywhere.
Oh. this can't get out.
Everyone needs to believe
I still have the seed.
Oh!
My Lord.
we must find
a truly brave warrior
in this year's
Birdy Tournament.
one strong enough
to retrieve the seed.
Come in.
My Lord.
I've made a special potion
to help you rest.
You'll sleep like a baby.
Oh. Vance. no one
but you understands me.
Don't forget my Lord.
in the morning
you have to be
at the Birdy Tournament.
I have to have
a good night's sleep.
- Leave me alone!
- Oh. but. my Lord.
uh. the Sisyphy Volcano
was preparing to erupt.
You can be
my representative
at the tournament tomorrow
with Dr. Vance.
Warriors have
gathered from all over Kepler.
Meet Air Bomber.
Alpha Power Fan.
Brutal Rocket.
and Lethal Engine!
They'll race through
the dangerous valley course
and compete to be
this year's Birdy King!
- Air Bomb!
- Alpha Power Fan!
- Brutal Rocket!
- Lethal Engine!
- All right!
- Referee Bird. clear the track.
The tournament's
about to begin.
Everyone. stand by.
Do you think Kar-Lalo
could be in the Burning City?
Well. if you're so smart.
do you know how to get us there?
Can we just get out
of this valley first?
Forget your map.
I'll get us out.
- Yeah. big deal.
- Are you gonna fly as well?
Jono. keep up!
I'd better stay
in my pig car.
See my sweet moves?
You here
to show off or find a path?
To show off. duh.
Oh. huh?
Hey. watch out!
Gaga. you okay?
Stop it!
You don't own the air.
- Just back off!
-Axel. come back!
You're too slow
to keep up with me!
Come on!
Axel. I can't see you!
Wait for me!
Axel!
Woohoo!
We're here
to look for Kar-Lalo.
not for trouble!
Axel!
Guys. run!
Gaga!
Who are these people?
Axel!
Be careful!
Who's gonna be
the lucky guy this year?
Not us anyway.
Where did
those guys come from?
Interesting.
The cobra device.
I've never seen such
quick responsive movement.
Dr. Vance. I don't know
what you're talking about.
but if we mess this up.
both of us are doomed.
Whoa. we're already
in the final zone.
Time to bug out.
I'm caught in an updraft.
I can't control it! Ah!
My engine's dead.
I'm going down!
Well. these guys
are getting better
at faking disasters.
that's for sure.
At this rate.
we'll end up
without a Birdy King
again this year.
All players
into the final zone!
Gaga. careful.
Stay away from them.
Sorry!
Good luck to you guys.
Gaga!
Prepare the bird.
Get in there.
Fire the champion bird.
Help me!
The world's worst tournament
because no one
wants to win it.
If there isn't a winner.
I'll launch all of you
into the volcano!
.
- That poor bird.
-I'll save it.
Yes. he's almost there.
Would you look at that?
The tournament's
interesting this year.
Oh. help me!
Got him. catch!
Oh. my God.
- Oh. my goodness.
- Axel. I got it!
I'm saved!
Easy as pie.
Axel. when you dove down
that way
like a flash whooshing by...
...that was awesome!
Axel is amazing.
You're the best.
It's nothing.
just saving a bird.
Piece of cake.
Congratulations. Birdy King.
Today. you have proven
your bravery.
Everyone hail
this year's Birdy King.
What is a Birdy King?
Birdy King.
That is one silly name.
It's not that funny!
You're just jealous.
Captain. this just
isn't right.
That girl
didn't save the champion bird.
Oh. it's right all right.
The rule is whoever
catches the champion bird
is the one
who becomes Birdy King.
Back to the fortress!
Let's go!
♪ The Birdy King.
ain't no thang ♪
♪ But a trumped up chump
with a broken wing ♪
♪ The Birdy King
is a ding-a-ling ♪
♪ Yo. yo. microphone check ♪
♪ Yesterday's passed.
tomorrow's coming fast ♪
♪ In the Birdy King race.
bro. you wanna come in last ♪
♪ Who wants to be
the king bird? ♪
♪ Ha. ha
a sucker's the word ♪
♪ Yeah the Birdy King race
is a big disgrace ♪
♪ I don't even know why
you would bother to try ♪
♪ 'Cause the better you fly
the quicker you die ♪
♪ Kiss your rear goodbye ♪
♪ Gonna boogie to the rhythm ♪
♪ Hop around
and look real dumb ♪
♪ Bust a move
like a turkey made of jive ♪
♪ 'Cause I'm happy
that I've made it home alive ♪
♪ I say no
there's no way. no ♪
♪ I'm not going
in that volcano ♪
♪ In shock and awe
and ooh-ra-ra ♪
♪ Along came Gaga ♪
♪ The Birdy King race
is a big disgrace ♪
♪ By a big fat meanie
from outer space ♪
♪ Say where you
wanna finish. son ♪
♪ Me? Last place!
Take that Luis Baba ♪
♪ In your face ♪
♪ The Birdy King
ain't no thang ♪
Well. just take
a look at who's here!
Welcome. Captain.
Four dozen large
sticky buns like always?
We're here honoring
the new Birdy King.
Birdy King.
order anything you want.
Of course.
whatever you want.
Come on.
This doesn't make sense.
They lost the tournament.
Why are they happy?
You're just jealous.
I'd never be jealous
of being called Birdy.
♪ Birdy King
you're everything ♪
♪ Flying high in the sky ♪
♪ So my friends
and I don't have to die ♪
♪ Friends. say goodbye ♪
♪ Let's get that
Birdy King something yummy ♪
♪ To put inside her tummy ♪
What can I get you. dummy?
I mean. chummy.
Gaga. I want ice cream.
Can we have ice cream?
♪ Ice cream
nice and cool ♪
♪ Get some ice cream
for the Birdy fool ♪
No problem.
♪ Oh. the Birdy race
is a big disgrace ♪
♪ By a big fat meanie
rom outer space *f
♪ Say where you
wanna finish. son ♪
♪ Me? Last place!
Take that. Luis Baba ♪
♪ In your face! ♪
♪ The Birdy King
is everything ♪
♪ You go. go. Gaga ♪
For the Birdy King.
Enjoy it while you still can.
What do you mean by that?
Nothing. I'm a waiter.
I don't mean anything!
Here's to the Birdy King!
Birdy King!
♪ Your tip-toe
dingaling ♪
The Birdy King
is the Burning City's bravest.
The Burning City? Luis Baba?
We're in Luis Baba's
Burning City.
I knew something was off.
- Let's go.
- Weren't we trying to get here?
Move it!
Captain.
that girl can't retrieve
a seed from the volcano.
There's no way.
The seed. huh?
Could anybody really get one?
Better her than us.
So stop whining.
Hey. hey! Birdy King!
Where do you think you're going?
Uh. outside for some fresh air.
Yeah! What's your problem?
Fresh air? All right.
If the Birdy King
wants some fresh air.
let's get her some fresh air.
-Axel!
- You are the Birdy King now.
You have to try to get the seed.
- If you should fail--
-Let me go!
You won't leave here alive.
- I don't think so.
-Arrest them!
You started this.
but my flying fist will end it.
Axel!
Putron!
Take him away.
-No! Gaga!
-Gaga!
Jono. go get Putron!
Is that your flying fist?
Try to fly it now.
All right.
but you asked for it!
Axel!
Jono. run!
Where am I?
Where's Gaga and Putron?
Huh? Putron!
Who are you?
Please call me Dr. Vance.
Luis Baba's thugs
captured your friend.
What? She's been caught?
Hurry up. Jono.
Let's save Gaga. Putron!
Hang on.
Let's not rush it.
You are no match for Luis Baba.
But if you really
want to save her. I can help.
But first. we'll need a plan.
Don't you work for Luis Baba?
I work for myself. 'kay?
Now let's come up
with that plan.
Do you know
how to defeat an enemy
that's much stronger
than you are. my boy?
Ah. huh?
Timing.
Axel. wait for me.
I'm coming.
The biggest obstacle
for galactic space travel
is the enormous scale
of distance in time and space.
Artificial
wormhole test initiated.
Even going faster
than the speed of light
doesn't solve this problem.
However.
reversing this planet's
gravitational force
will bend the magnetic fields
around it. creating
a gravitational whirlpool.
Which. when bombarded
with super energy.
will form a stable
time space wormhole.
through which
you can instantly travel
to another planet
across the universe.
This galactic energy bridge
will be my ticket home.
Go spy
on the Burning City closely.
Report back to me the second
Luis Baba finds Kar-Lalo.
We stand here
in the name of all gods
to give the Birdy King
great power and light.
guiding her
through plight and danger.
Repelling the curse
with God's almighty fire
and blessing her
with an immortal life!
Jono. you stay below.
Copy that.
We don't have much time.
Putron. I'll save Gaga.
You go find Papa Qi.
On your feet.
Listen well. everyone.
Here is the new Birdy King.
She is the hope
of the Burning City.
You behave!
-Back off!
- The Sisyphy volcano is awake.
The gods are challenging
the new Birdy King
to go and retrieve
the holy seed.
Let us. everyone.
pray for her.
The gods
have chosen a brave warrior
to face the fire
and gain the holy seed for us!
Axel.
you only have one chance.
emember. timing is everything.R
If you miss your moment.
you will surely both die.
Aim the launcher.
Stand ready.
Fire!
Gaga!
Huh?
Whoa!
Gaga!
Axel...
Axel.
I'm going to count to three
and Axel will fly out.
- Stay right there!
- Take her away.
Oh. my goodness.
Huh?
Huh? Ah. Kar-Lalo.
How is it possible?
The boy actually made it out.
Nobody. nobody has ever
come out of the volcano alive!
It's... impossible.
Impossible!
Throw all of them
into the volcano Sisyphy!
Dr. Vance!
Axel. no one's ever come back
from the volcano with a seed.
All the others died trying.
Uh. it's Luis Baba's
conspiracy to prove
only he can beat
the fire dragon.
Your success threatens that.
There's no way
he will let you live.
- You follow me.
-Hey. green hair.
Let's go.
Jono. follow me.
Me first.
Stay close.
I know a safe place.
Wait. I have to
return to the volcano.
Say what?
Why would you do that?
I think I found Kar-Lalo.
Did all that heat
melt your brain?
Why don't you believe me?
Those seeds
are coming from the volcano.
There's Kar-Lalo inside it.
Impossible!
Lava. yes.
Lalo. no!
Going in there
would mean certain death.
We need to leave
the Burning City now.
- But wait--
- It's too dangerous
to leave now.
so we'll just hide in here
for the night.
Oh.
My Lord!
It's all clear now.
Dr. Vance is the one
who helped the prisoners escape.
Even the little
green haired thief is gone.
Vance?
How dare that worm betray me?
Bring all of them back.
dead or alive!
- Yes. sir.
- Wait!
Block off the volcano.
Nobody's allowed
to get near it!
- Open up!
-everywhere.
Where should we look. sir?
Everywhere. even if we have to
tear down the whole city.
They can't get away.
Find anyone
who is wearing a turtle shell.
Find the traitor
in the turtle shell!
Dr. Vance.
Do you believe
the story of Kunta?
Story. huh?
Believing in stories
is a luxury of the young.
Well. I believe it.
I will find Kar-Lalo.
Hmm. it's nice to be young.
Hmm.
Axel. how did you
get out of the volcano?
Uh. that darn tank!
Breaking down
when we really need it.
Fix it. quick.
It's nearly morning.
How far are we. Putron?
Dr. Vance.
sorry that you can't stay
in the Burning City
because of us.
It's all right.
It wasn't my home anyway.
I had to leave eventually.
It's been
so long since I left my home.
Whenever I miss it.
I look up at the starry sky.
Dr. Vance.
which star is your home?
My world is full of water.
It's covered in vast oceans.
I would sit
on a rock by the sea
at twilight listening
to the sound of waves
breaking on the beach.
Sounds beautiful.
Not just beautiful.
it's magical.
Just imagine if all this desert
were as blue as the sky...
with rolling waves
instead of dunes...
waves caressing
the shore at your feet.
Do you hear it?
I can't hear anything.
Listen with your heart.
Ah. well. I can hear the wind.
Shh.
Doctor.
It's working.
I can hear the waves.
When I left home.
my son was just your height...
and he loved to put his head
onto my lap and sleep
to the song of the waves.
Dr. Vance...
after I find the Kar-Lalo.
you should come
and live with us.
- All right.
- So. we have a deal?
Deal.
Putron.
is this the right way?
I've decided.
I'm going to the volcano now.
- But--
- Don't try to stop me.
My decision is final.
Oh. Dr. Vance.
you can fly as well?
It's been a while.
but it feels really good.
Axel. you were right.
If we time it
between the volcano's breaths.
we can make it.
I. Jono. am always
very. very brave.
I'm with you. Axel!
Boys. you aren't
cutting me out. right?
You're not
leaving me behind.
Then.
we're all together.
Let's fly.
When
the heat pushes up.
it will create negative pressure
when it passes by a cave.
Axel. you said you felt cool air
behind you in the tunnel.
which means there must be
a hidden cavern.
The volcano
is breathing.
Find the cave
before the next eruption.
Stay close.
Oh. my greasy goodness.
The lava's
becoming active!
Jono. careful!
The volcano's about to erupt!
Where's the cave?
Where?
The lava's
boiling up!
It's there!
I see it.
Axel!
Whoa. this is...
- Is this real?
- ...Kar-Lalo?
Wow!
Kar-Lalo!
I found you at last!
Axel.
I'm sorry for doubting you.
- It's all right.
- Hey. Axel.
Can you pinch me. please?
Ow. it hurts!
So this isn't a dream.
Twenty years.
I should've guessed it.
Here I come!
Jono. sit still.
Whoa!
Oh. my goodness!
Oh. my goodness gracious.
So much water.
Gaga. look.
this is water!
I know!
Full of Kar-Lalo.
Look. look!
The Kar-Lalo seeds.
- Thin Kar-Lalo.
- Greener Kar-Lalo!
-Greener Kar-Lalo!
And there is
ginger leaf Kar-Lalo.
The book says
it's the sweetest kind.
It makes me hungry.
Look.
the Kar-Lalo mother tree!
Magical.
Wow. So many seeds.
The mother tree
is spreading seeds.
There will be
lots of baby Kar-Lalos!
What is this?
"Hello.
I'm glad
to be meeting you in this way.
My name is Kunta."
The Kunta?
Dr. Vance!
This is Kunta's journal!
Let me see.
"I am from Earth
in the Soul System.
I work for
the MQ Super Energy Company.
and I'm sorry
that our work here
has brought
such devastation to Kepler.
All I can do. is hide
the Kar-Lalo mother tree here.
and hope that one day.
Kepler can again
be the paradise
that it was."
This is from Kunta.
This is where
Kunta hid Kar-Lalo.
"When you read
these words.
this cavern will have grown
into a great oasis.
I believe you will come through
the burning flames one day.
and bring Kar-Lalo
back to the surface."
My goodness!
"Come through
the burning flames one day?"
That's so awesome!
"The square stone at your feet
is the key to the land above."
It's opening!
The seeds
are flying out.
Holy moly. that was
one seriously crazy dream.
Ah!
Good heavens!
What happened?
Wait. who is that guy?
Luis Baba?
But isn't he an Earther?
What on Kepler
is going on?
Don't be afraid.
I have become
one of you.
and I have a feeling
Kar-Lalo
is gonna be coming up.
Kar-Lalo!
The Kar-Lalo is growing!
Look. look!
Look at it.
Yeah. yeah. yeah!
You see that?
It's like I said.
when you all obey me.
Kar-Lalo will finally
blossom again.
The fire dragon blesses me
with this power.
I revive
the Burning City.
I promised
and I delivered.
Why is it you again?
Darn you meddling kids!
Arrest them all!
I told you to throw
all of them into the volcano!
- Wait. stop.
- Arrest them.
I said arrest them!
Looks
like Colonel Papa Qi.
Colonel Papa Qi is back!
Stop it!
It'll destroy the Kar-Lalo!
Papa!
Papa Qi's coming to save us!
Axel. Gaga.
just stay back!
After 20 long years.
I'm done hiding.
Colonel Papa Qi
and the Kepler army
is here.
You can't
tread on me!
Axel. protect Gaga!
Papa Qi!
Axel. you were right.
Without courage.
life is meaningless.
Papa Qi!
Papa! Papa!
- Gaga. wait!
- Papa!
Gaga!
Papa Qi!
Papa!
You attack my Kar-Lalo.
I'll kill you!
What is this monster?
You attacked my papa!
Axel!
Dr. Vance. please.
We must stop this monster.
Wait. be careful.
Don't go near it!
Huh?
What?
Dr. Vance
is an Earther?
Dr. Vance.
Foolish Kunta.
you tried to trap me here.
but I finally
found a way home.
Did you think
hiding the Kar-Lalo
and wrecking our spaceship
meant that I'd never get back?
Now. the Kar-Lalo's
super energy is all mine.
and this entire wretched planet
will be my spaceship!
Nobody
can stop me returning home now.
After all these years.
I am going home!
Vance.
there's no way
Luis Baba's
gonna let you do this.
You turtle shelled traitor!
I'm gonna kick your--
Ah! What are you doing?
Stop it.
My Kar-Lalo!
Dr. Vance. please!
Stop what's happening!
Stop it. please!
Thank you. Axel.
for helping me find Kar-Lalo.
I am sorry. Kunta.
I let you down.
Kar-Lalo!
Kar-Lalo! It's mine.
My Kar-Lalo everywhere!
I wasn't a big fake
after all.
Just like I said. right?
I'm an awful person.
Papa.
you are not a coward.
I was wrong.
Papa.
Papa!
Papa. where are you?
Papa?
This is all my fault.
I got you
into this mess.
I took away
our planet's hope.
And now.
the dream is gone forever.
Papa. now I understand
everything that you did for us.
I can't even save
one tiny sprout.
I can't do
anything at all.
I'm useless.
Axel.
we must stop Vance.
It's all because of me
that the Kar-Lalo was destroyed.
I never
should have come here.
Axel. you've always
been brave.
It's you who led us
all the way here.
but now. you...
Axel. you said
to look for Kar-Lalo.
and I listened.
and followed you.
You said
go in the volcano. and I went.
I always
follow you. Axel.
Well. that was a big mistake.
because I ruined
everything!
Then I guess
I was wrong about you.
Well. fine. then.
Come on. Jono.
Axel.
Axel. Fine!
Then I'll go with Gaga.
Brothers of the Burning City.
today Vance has robbed us
of our last hope
and he's going
to destroy our world.
but we cannot let him
get away with that.
So. I choose
to be a fighter like my Papa.
Brothers. today.
we fight for ourselves.
- We fight for ourselves!
- That's swell.
but what if instead
you fight for Luis Baba?
That's better. right?
Be quiet!
I order you to stop!
Why isn't anyone stopping?
Alert. Alert.
Defense mechanism activated.
- Vance!
-Hm.
Charge! Charge!
Tear that thing apart.
In your dreams. chuckleheads.
Wait till you see
the force of my Demonticon!
Axel! Axel.
We have to do something
about the tentacles
so we can attack the hull!
Axel. cover me.
Lure them away.
I'll get us through.
Axel copy.
Today I'm Axel. Come on!
-Anybody. come in!
- Gaga! Jono!
Axel. where are you?
Jono! Gaga!
Gaga!
Hey. big jerk.
You want me?
Come and get me!
I'm not afraid!
Threat eliminated.
Alarm cancelled.
Fools.
That was a waste of time.
Planet
gravitational force
will reverse in 10 minutes.
Demonticon standing by.
Alert. Alert.
Defense mechanism activated.
Dr. Vance. it's me.
Again.
Too late. Axel.
In 10 minutes.
Kepler will be forced
into my wormhole.
Stop this pointless fighting.
It's like this.
You're not gonna hurt
this planet anymore.
Well. it's like I said.
timing is everything.
You're right.
but there's one thing
that's way more important
than timing.
Come on.
you snake monsters.
Look here. right here!
One. two. three. four!
Go!
Alert. Alert.
Unidentified intruder.
Planet reverse gravitation
at 120 degrees.
at 135 degrees.
You want
to be another Kunta?
Who thinks himself
so just and so upright.
who thinks
that he could save the world?
Ha!
Misguided fool
couldn't even save himself.
Kunta found a way
to give hope to Kepler.
but you...
Hope?
What about my hope?
If it wasn't for Kunta.
would I still be here?
Am I wrong?
I want to go home.
- Am I wrong?
- Go home?
What gives you the right
to destroy our Kar-Lalo?
To destroy
our entire planet?
Right now.
I am the God of this world!
Alarm cancelled.
Resuming normal function.
Space travel wormhole
is forming.
Okay. it's time.
Landing gear locked.
Life support system engaged.
Even
if you smash everything.
you can't stop
the reversal now.
You can't stop me
from going home!
Axel. stop wasting your energy.
Planet reverse
gravitation at 150 degrees.
Unauthorized input.
Really?
Unauthorized input.-
- It's all done.
-Come on!
Planet reverse
gravitation at 155 degrees.
It's all done?
Planet
reverse gravitation
at 158 degrees.
indistinct] experiencing energy.
I'll see you
on Earth!
All entrances sealed.A
Planet reverse gravitation
at 160 degrees.
Space travel wormhole
is forming.
My goodness.
Oh. no.
What's that fool doing?
Axel.
without courage.
life is meaningless.
Just a little closer.
-Yeah. move it!
-Let's go.
Come on!
Come on. let's go.
Axel! It's Axel!
Set him down. Putron.
Axel's alive!
I knew that you wouldn't die!
Why. Axel?
That was my very last chance.
You!
I did it for all of Kepler.
I did
what you would have done
to protect your homeland!
Is that rain?
- It's raining!
It's raining!
I never thought I'd feel
rain on my face again.
Rain. rain. rain!
Is this rain?
Oh. my goodness!
I've never seen rain
in my whole life.
Huh? What's that?
Kar-Lalo?
Look!
The Kar-Lalo is growing!
Kar-Lalo!
How badly I wish that Papa
was here to see all of this.
Papa Qi!
Kar-Lalo is back!
♪ The Birdy King
ain't no thang ♪
♪ But a trumped up chump
with a broken wing ♪
♪ The Birdy King
is a dingaling ♪
♪ Yo. yo. microphone check ♪
♪ Let's get that Birdy King
something yummy ♪
♪ To put inside her tummy ♪
♪ Ice cream. nice and cool
♪ Get some ice cream
for the Birdy fool ♪
♪ No problem ♪
♪ Oh. the Birdy race
is a big disgrace ♪
♪ By a big fat meanie
from outer space ♪
♪ Say. where you
wanna finish. son ♪
♪ Me? Last place! ♪
♪ Take that. Luis Baba.
in your face ♪
♪ The Birdy King
is everything ♪
♪ You go. go. Gaga.
on the wing ♪
♪ Birdy King.
the control you bring ♪
♪ Makes me wanna jump
and dance and sing ♪
♪ Birdy King.
you're the bravest thing ♪
♪ You go. go. Gaga.
on the wing ♪
♪ Birdy King.
you're everything ♪
♪ dingaling! ♪